Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-mvc-loading-panel-show-on-page-load: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E4057)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # Loading Panel for ASP.NET MVC - How to show a loading panel on View load

Reviewer: on View load? What does that mean?

Author: ```suggestion
# Loading Panel for ASP.NET MVC - How to show a loading panel when a page is loading
```

<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e4057/)**
<!-- run online end -->

This example demonstrates how to show [LoadingPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/11423/components/docking-and-popups/loading-panel) when a View is loaded. 

## Implementation Details

> Call the panel's client [Show](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientLoadingPanel.Show) method in the `Init` event handler of the first DevExpress MVC Extension of the View to show a loading panel when client-side objects start initializing.

Reviewer: This is a bit of a run on sentence. Can you rephrase it or perhaps break it into two sentences? the panel's client Show method???

Author: ```suggestion
Call the [ASPxClientLoadingPanel.Show](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientLoadingPanel.Show) method in the `Init` event handler of the first DevExpress MVC Extension of the View to show a loading panel when client-side objects start initializing.
```

```jscript
function OnLoadingPanelInit(s, e) {
    s.Show();
}
```

> To hide the loading panel when all client-side objects are already initialized, call the panel's client [Hide](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientLoadingPanel.Hide) method in the `Init` event handler of the last DevExpress MVC Extension of the View.

Reviewer: the panel's client Hide Method? Is that correct?

Author: ```suggestion
To hide the loading panel when all client-side objects are already initialized, call the [ASPxClientLoadingPanel.Hide](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientLoadingPanel.Hide) method in the `Init` event handler of the last DevExpress MVC Extension of the View.
```

```jscript
function OnLabelInit(s, e) {
    lp.Hide();
}
```

## Files to Review

* [Index.cshtml](./CS/Views/Home/Index.cshtml)

## More Examples

> * [Loading Panel for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to show a loading panel on page load](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-loading-panel-display-control-on-page-load)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A [Loading Panel for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to show a loading panel on page load](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-loading-panel-display-control-on-page-load)
```
on page load? odd phrasing

Author: ```suggestion
* A [Loading Panel for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to show a loading panel when a page is loading](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-loading-panel-display-control-on-page-load)
```
